Hi guys, in this tutorial we're going to
create this house
like this using the middle modding tools
and we have to create this ones
this boxes from here
for our level on this part. Okay, let's
go.
Uh okay. Uh guys, this is part three of
the series. In this part, I want to
focus about creating those
buildings. I will give you import
buildings like this. Want to create this
wall and create those barracks and this
homes and those screenshots.
Okay, first thing first, let's focus on
creating this home.
As you can see,
let's open our
project 64.
Okay, let's create this phone as you can
see in this image and this image on
this. Okay,
I think it's in this place.
Okay, before we do that, we have to
create this one.
While I rotate the camera, let's create
this boxes.
So, here is F.
Let's search for a box.
Okay, choose any one of the doors.
More vintage check price for free.
Okay, let's see this morning.
Okay, let's use this.
>> Yep.
Add to my project.
We get some another type of vortes.
Okay. This one.
Okay, for this moment I want this
rift in this place
wooden block at me
right here.
Okay, for the stock I make all here.
Okay, let me make
like this.
Press your m
We're going
press shift to select all of them. Press
R to duplicate it.
Okay.
Select both of them
and negate it.
And after block,
duplicate then
from the Zaxis.
Drag it here.
Delete one of them here. And let's
delete this one. Okay, now it's good.
And let's see
what is my third person.
Okay.
I think
now it's
>> uh Okay. And let's create this hub.
I
also see in the fab market
housing
open house
guys.
We don't have good result right here in
the marketplace. Okay, let's create one.
Let's go here to legal space.
Okay, now let's create a house. First,
you need this third person character as
a reference
on our house.
Okay, we follow that. Then let's
[snorts] search for house dimension.
Okay, let's see.
Simple house.
Okay. Uh we have 300 cm on this side.
300 cm
330 cm 300 30 cm
600 cm okay let's see how we can do this
using the angel it's return here to the
modeling tool
uh okay to create this house you need to
go here
mode modeling after that want to use
this to gr the uh this This is very good
how to create a house from this. Okay.
Current block size 100 cm equal to 1 m.
Okay. For the height I want to choose 4
m for this house. [snorts]
Okay.
1 mile. Okay. Press E to extrude it
times. Three times.
Okay. This first room. Second one is
found here.
Okay. Okay, let's choose this dimension.
Okay,
let's see.
One, two, three, four, six. Okay, let's
add another one.
Okay, for me to the other size and
resize it.
I want to make the same thing.
from here.
Okay,
let's go. And let's close it from this.
And
now
we'll add another door.
Let's go right here.
Press Q to make a door from here. And
let's go ahead here
and make it 25 cm.
25 cm. On this side, we want to create
a nice window from here.
on this side.
Let's make another wood.
Now
uh for the floor want to go here the
shapes
uh Q spect plane.
Before we do that we have
accept
and there our plane.
Press R.
Okay.
R to make it bigger
and move it right here
to make uh the floors.
Okay.
enough. And let's go here to Fab
and let's add material for our player.
We go here. Material texture.
Search for blue.
Okay, let's go down here.
Search from material for our frame
now. Okay, let's choose this one. Let's
choose the highest quality as possible.
Okay. High quality, low quality.
Okay. Let's add add this material to
this door
towards the F.
After closing the FB, we have to go
here. Mega scan surfaces.
Uh Fab
where is mega scan surfaces damage to
wall break. Let's choose this one.
Okay. Quality. I want to choose only
this material from here. Select this one
for here. One click right here
and one click right here.
Okay, this is the floor.
Let's adjust the direct.
So, here's tiling.
Okay, fine. Uh, it looks not good. Let's
adjust the normal map. Go with normal.
I want to be realistic as possible.
Okay.
Okay, fine. I think it's good.
Now, let's add material for our walls
before we continue.
Select this wall and choose a material
from the Fab.
Search for wall
material texture.
Go down. Concrete wall. more filter
price. I want to show only the free
products from here.
Okay.
To show wall, let's choose this one. Uh
for this tutorial
right this might hit no.
Okay. After that,
let's return here to our grid.
Uh return here five ma.
Okay. And now to select all of them and
let's put my
grip
and go from here.
Press E. Text it four times.
After that go from here.
Choose this corner and let's create corn
by press
three diamonds from this side. Done.
Okay. Select this one. Corner mod.
Select the first corner and second
corner. Press Q to create this corner.
Uh hit done and hit accept.
Okay.
What I want to do is to go right here
and drag this one
here. Now let's add a material from
this.
Okay. Now, now let's add material on
this roof.
How to do that? First of all, we have to
adjust material.
Go here to surfaces dest
the same one to show wall like this. Now
I want to just add roof material here
and
uh okay
uh let's change the colors of the
boards. I think it's not good.
Um, okay. Let's go ahead.
Search for all
texture.
Okay, for now let's make it uh like
this. I don't plan to change this or to
change it later.
Okay, guys. This all for this tutorial.
Thank you for watching. See you later on
in the next tutorial when continuing
creating this ice